Darren O'Hehir
ID: 215110471
2nd Year Deakin - ACG206

You can try to access the website through:
colourpiano.tk
darrenisacoolkid.ml

I used Google Drive to host the files and free domains to redirect to them. I'm not sure if it works well; 
I only made the second because the first one wasn't working straight away.

If they don't work this is the google drive link
googledrive.com/host/0B2mGG-gQgMmSLVRqNkNJUEZNaDQ

Don't read my notes if you don't want to/have time, it's just a record so I can remember what I did in the future pretty much.


Notes

'Home Page'
Clicking each circle will trigger a sound effect and turn the dark transparent circle to a colourful one.
Once a sound effect has been played, any key on the computer keyboard can be used to play the same note.
I was trying to map out single keystrokes to play an individual notes using the computer keyboard 
(Google did this to tribute Bob Moog, their logo was in the shape of a synthesizer and you could play notes with the computer keyboard [http://www.google.com/doodles/robert-moogs-78th-birthday])
	This would obviously be more complex to do but I'm happy with what I managed to achieved trying to do it.
	You can play a note or chord and then use the keyboard to repeat the sound by pressing any key.

The piano note 'grid' is 12 x 7 for each semitone in a chromatic musical scale or octave, and there are 7 octaves 
		(+ a couple extra for 88 keys so mine only has 84)
This way each note uses its own separate colour over every octave rather than random colours.
I changed it from rolling mouse over images to mouse up and down (more similar to the artwork; light turns on when note is played)
	
I changed the text column on the left which was supposed to be a 'playlist' that was would play a song and set off the notes automatically
Since this would take some kind of interfacing and mapping out each of the keys it's now a 'chord' chart.
	You can click on some of my favourite jazz chords and it will play a combination of the notes at the same time.
		I messed around with the script because I once I figured out how to use more than one sound using var
		I figured I should be able to also trigger multiple sounds with one button/link/image.
	UPDATE: triggering the seperate notes in a group to make a chord sounded too robotic so I recorded some more realistic chords
		I made up the chord progression myself and you can play through it like a song by clicking through them in order.
			
'About Page'
Some quotes from an interview with the artist
Video of art installation at ACCA
Assignment

The coloumn on the left of this page plays a couple of contemporary piano pieces.
	I used the normal dreamweaver html5 audio tool and then found how to replace the media controls with buttons
	I didn't like the look of the buttons so I was going to go back to using the other script but I googled css buttons and figured out how to change the styles. After looking at a tutorial of how they work I then found a helpful website [http://www.bestcssbuttongenerator.com] where you can easily customise css buttons and it'll give you the code for the style. I used this to get the dark grey circle buttons that 'light up' when you hover over them.

The 'STOP MUSIC' is basically a refresh button, it links to the same page so any music playing will stop.

I figured the link clicking cursor was appropriate because it looks like you're pressing the keys with a finger.